Clean updated Docker topics for Docker-1.0.0 (#6406)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/docker/docker-containers-service.md

The following containers provide the services required to build, deploy and run {{site.data.var.ee}} sites.

{:.bs-callout-info}
See the [service version values available]({{site.baseurl}}/cloud/docker/docker-containers.html#service-versions) for use when launching Docker.

> ## Database Container

Reviewer: The others you had lowercase container.

> ## Database Container

Reviewer: I think it is completely fine to define the container here, but adding the various database procedures makes the topic too long.

> ## Database Container

Author: ```suggestion
## Database container
```

Container name |Docker base image | Ports exposed
-------- | -------- | ---------------
db | [mariadb](https://hub.docker.com/_/mariadb) | 3306 |

The Database container is based on the [mariadb][db-image] image and includes the following volumes:

> -  Volumes:

Reviewer: In the original list, there was more than just volumes, but don't need this line since it was already introduced in the stem sentence.

   -  `magento-db: /var/lib/mysql`
   -  `.docker/mysql/docker-entrypoint-initdb.d:/docker-entrypoint-initdb.d`

> When a database container is started for the first time, a new database with the specified name is created and initialized using the configuration variables specified in the docker-compose configuration. The initial start up process also executes all files with extensions .sh, .sql and .sql.gz that are found in the `/docker-entrypoint-initdb.d` directory. Files are executed in alphabetical order. See [mariadb Docker documentation](https://hub.docker.com/_/mariadb).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a database container initializes, it creates a new database with the specified name and uses the configuration variables specified in the docker-compose configuration. The initial start-up process also executes files with `.sh`, `.sql` and `.sql.gz` extensions that are found in the `/docker-entrypoint-initdb.d` directory. Files are executed in alphabetical order. See [mariadb Docker documentation](https://hub.docker.com/_/mariadb).
```

To prevent accidental data loss, the database is stored in a persistent **`magento-db`** volume after you stop and remove the Docker configuration. The next time you use the `docker-compose up` command, the Docker environment restores your database from the persistent volume. You must manually destroy the database volume using the `docker volume rm <volume_name>` command.

> ### Import a database dump

Reviewer: Create a separate topic for this.

{:.procedure}
To import a database dump into the Docker environment:

1. Create a local copy of the remote database.

   ```bash
   magento-cloud db:dump
   ```

   {: .bs-callout-note }
   The `magento-cloud db:dump` command runs the [mysqldump](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/mysqldump.html) command with the `--single-transaction` flag, which allows you to back up your database without locking the tables.

1. Place the resulting SQL file into the `.docker/mysql/docker-entrypoint-initdb.d` folder.

   The `{{site.data.var.ct}}` package imports and processes the SQL file the next time you build and start the Docker environment using the `docker-compose up` command.

{:.bs-callout-tip}
Although it is a more complex approach, you can use GZIP to import the database by _sharing_ the `.sql.gz` file using the `.docker/mnt` directory and import it inside the Docker container.

### Customize the database container

> You can inject MySQL configuration into the database container at creation by adding the configuration to the `docker-compose-override.yml` file. Add the custom values using an included `my.cnf` file, or add the correct variables directly to the override file as shown in the following examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can inject a MySQL configuration into the database container at creation by adding the configuration to the `docker-compose-override.yml` file. Add the custom values using an included `my.cnf` file, or add the correct variables directly to the override file as shown in the following examples.
```

> {:.procedure}

Reviewer: Procedures need ordered list.

> Add a custom `my.cnf` to the `docker-compose.override.yml` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a custom `my.cnf` file to the `docker-compose.override.yml` file:
```

    - path/to/custom.my.cnf:/etc/mysql/conf.d/custom.my.cnf
```

{:.procedure}

> Add configuration values directly to the `docker-compose.override.yml` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add configuration values to the `docker-compose.override.yml` file:
```

     - 'PHP_EXTENSIONS=bcmath bz2 calendar exif gd gettext intl mysqli pcntl pdo_mysql soap sockets sysvmsg sysvsem sysvshm opcache zip redis xsl xdebug'
```

> For additional information about configuring the php environment, see the [XDebug for Docker documentation.

Reviewer: Check this link, it may be missing something.

Container name |Docker base image | Ports exposed
-------- | -------- | ---------------
selenium | [selenium/standalone-chrome/](https://hub.docker.com/r/selenium/standalone-chrome) | 4444

The Selenium container, based on the [selenium/standalone-chrome/](https://hub.docker.com/r/selenium/standalone-chrome/h), enables the [Magento Functional Testing Framework (MFTF)](https://devdocs.magento.com/mftf/docs/introduction.html) for Magento application testing in the Cloud Docker environment. See [Magento application testing]({{site.baseurl}}/cloud/docker/docker-mftf.html).

## TLS container

Container name |Docker base image | Ports exposed
-------- | -------- | ---------------
tls | [magento/magento-cloud-docker-tls][tls], which is based on the [debian:jessie](https://hub.docker.com/_/debian) Docker image | 443

> The TLS termination proxy container, based on the  [magento/magento-cloud-docker-tls][tls] image, facilitates the Varnish SSL termination over HTTPS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The TLS termination proxy container, based on the [magento/magento-cloud-docker-tls][tls] image, facilitates the Varnish SSL termination over HTTPS.
```

Container name |Docker base image | Ports exposed
-------- | -------- | ---------------
web | [magento/magento-cloud-docker-nginx][nginx], which is based on the [centos] Docker image | none

The Web container uses nginx to handle web requests after TLS and Varnish. This container passes all requests to the FPM container to serve the PHP code. See [Request flow]({{site.baseurl}}/cloud/docker/docker-containers.html#request-flow).

> The nginx configuration for this container is the standard Magento [nginx config]. This can be changed by mounting a new config using a volume.

Reviewer: Check, but I think the NGINX site uses all caps, unless you are calling it by the container name...not sure how that should go.

> The nginx configuration for this container is the standard Magento [nginx config]. This can be changed by mounting a new config using a volume.

Author: ```suggestion
The NGINX configuration for this container is the standard Magento [nginx config]. This can be changed by mounting a new config using a volume.
```

     - 'PHP_EXTENSIONS=bcmath bz2 calendar exif gd gettext intl mysqli pcntl pdo_mysql soap sockets sysvmsg sysvsem sysvshm opcache zip redis xsl xdebug'
```

For additional information about configuring the php environment, see the [XDebug for Docker documentation.

## RabbitMQ container

> Container name |Docker base image | Ports exposed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Container name | Docker base image | Ports exposed
```

-------- | -------- | ---------------
rabbitmq | [rabbitmq] | 4369, 5671, 5672, 25672

The RabbitMQ container for {{site.data.var.mcd}} is a standard RabbitMQ container with no configuration or changes.

## Redis container

> Container name |Docker base image | Ports exposed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Container name | Docker base image | Ports exposed
```

-------- | -------- | ---------------

> selenium |[selenium/standalone-chrome/](https://hub.docker.com/r/selenium/standalone-chrome) | 4444

Reviewer: ```suggestion
selenium | [selenium/standalone-chrome/](https://hub.docker.com/r/selenium/standalone-chrome) | 4444
```

> The Selenium container, based on the [selenium/standalone-chrome/](https://hub.docker.com/r/selenium/standalone-chrome/h), enables the [Magento Functional Testing Framework (MFTF)](https://devdocs.magento.com/mftf/docs/introduction.html) for Magento application testing in the Cloud Dockr environment. See [Magento application testing]({{site.baseurl}}/cloud/docker/docker-mftf.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Selenium container, based on the [selenium/standalone-chrome/](https://hub.docker.com/r/selenium/standalone-chrome/h), enables the [Magento Functional Testing Framework (MFTF)](https://devdocs.magento.com/mftf/docs/introduction.html) for Magento application testing in the Cloud Docker environment. See [Magento application testing]({{site.baseurl}}/cloud/docker/docker-mftf.html).
```
